com/fgtit/net/HttpConnSoap.java
 com.fgtit.net.HttpConnSoap
com/fgtit/network/AuthenticationInterceptor.java
 com.fgtit.network.AuthenticationInterceptor
com/fgtit/app/ActivityList.java
 com.fgtit.app.ActivityList
com/fgtit/finger/EmployeeActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeeActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeeActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeeActivity$2
android/scanner/decode/DecodeFormatManager.java
 android.scanner.decode.DecodeFormatManager
android/scanner/camera/CameraManager.java
 android.scanner.camera.CameraManager
com/fgtit/finger/SignOnActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOnActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOnActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOnActivity$2
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOnActivity$3
com/fgtit/network/ImgResponse.java
 com.fgtit.network.ImgResponse
android/fpi/GpioControl.java
 android.fpi.GpioControl
com/fgtit/service/ConnectService.java
 com.fgtit.service.ConnectService
 com.fgtit.service.ConnectService$1
android/scanner/decode/DecodeHandler.java
 android.scanner.decode.DecodeHandler
com/fgtit/finger/BuildConfig.java
 com.fgtit.finger.BuildConfig
com/fgtit/finger/EmployeesActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeesActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeesActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeesActivity$2
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeesActivity$3
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeesActivity$4
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeesActivity$5
 com.fgtit.finger.EmployeesActivity$6
android/scanner/decode/BitmapDecoder.java
 android.scanner.decode.BitmapDecoder
android_serialport_api/SerialPort.java
 android_serialport_api.SerialPort
com/fgtit/network/ImageApi.java
 com.fgtit.network.ImageApi
android/scanner/CaptureActivity.java
 android.scanner.CaptureActivity
 android.scanner.CaptureActivity$1
 android.scanner.CaptureActivity$MyHandler
com/fgtit/utils/DialogFactory.java
 com.fgtit.utils.DialogFactory
com/fgtit/device/FPModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$1
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$10
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$2
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$3
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$4
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$5
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$6
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$7
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$8
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$9
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$WorkThread
android/scanner/AmbientLightManager.java
 android.scanner.AmbientLightManager
com/fgtit/service/PostMasterNetworkUtil.java
 com.fgtit.service.PostMasterNetworkUtil
com/fgtit/printer/PrinterCmd.java
 com.fgtit.printer.PrinterCmd
 com.fgtit.printer.PrinterCmd$Constant
 com.fgtit.printer.PrinterCmd$ESCCmd
 com.fgtit.printer.PrinterCmd$PCmd
com/fgtit/service/NetworkChangeReceiverPostMaster.java
 com.fgtit.service.NetworkChangeReceiverPostMaster
 com.fgtit.service.NetworkChangeReceiverPostMaster$1
 com.fgtit.service.NetworkChangeReceiverPostMaster$2
 com.fgtit.service.NetworkChangeReceiverPostMaster$3
 com.fgtit.service.NetworkChangeReceiverPostMaster$4
android/scanner/decode/BitmapLuminanceSource.java
 android.scanner.decode.BitmapLuminanceSource
com/fgtit/utils/ToastUtil.java
 com.fgtit.utils.ToastUtil
com/fgtit/finger/SystemActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.SystemActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.SystemActivity$1
com/fgtit/network/ApiHelper.java
 com.fgtit.network.ApiHelper
android/scanner/FinishListener.java
 android.scanner.FinishListener
com/fgtit/finger/AdminActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.AdminActivity
com/fgtit/app/AppClass.java
 com.fgtit.app.AppClass
com/fgtit/utils/Threading.java
 com.fgtit.utils.Threading
 com.fgtit.utils.Threading$1
 com.fgtit.utils.Threading$2
 com.fgtit.utils.Threading$3
com/fgtit/finger/SignOffActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOffActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOffActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOffActivity$2
 com.fgtit.finger.SignOffActivity$3
com/fgtit/data/AdminItem.java
 com.fgtit.data.AdminItem
com/fgtit/utils/ExtApi.java
 com.fgtit.utils.ExtApi
 com.fgtit.utils.ExtApi$1
com/fgtit/network/APIClient.java
 com.fgtit.network.APIClient
com/fgtit/data/Conversions.java
 com.fgtit.data.Conversions
com/fgtit/data/LineItem.java
 com.fgtit.data.LineItem
com/fgtit/utils/DataUtils.java
 com.fgtit.utils.DataUtils
com/fgtit/device/HighModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$1
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnDeleteCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnDownCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnEmptyListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnEnrollListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGenCharExListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGenCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGetImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGetImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnIdentifyListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnLoadCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnMatchListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnRegModelListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnSearchListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnStoreCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnUpCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnUpImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnUpImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$ReadThread
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$WorkerHandler
android/scanner/decode/CaptureActivityHandler.java
 android.scanner.decode.CaptureActivityHandler
 android.scanner.decode.CaptureActivityHandler$State
android/scanner/camera/FrontLightMode.java
 android.scanner.camera.FrontLightMode
com/fgtit/data/DeptItem.java
 com.fgtit.data.DeptItem
com/fgtit/finger/CameraExActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.CameraExActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.CameraExActivity$1
com/fgtit/data/HttpConnSoap2.java
 com.fgtit.data.HttpConnSoap2
com/fgtit/finger/UtilitiesActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.UtilitiesActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.UtilitiesActivity$1
com/fgtit/finger/RecordsActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.RecordsActivity
android/scanner/decode/DecodeThread.java
 android.scanner.decode.DecodeThread
com/fgtit/app/UpdateApp.java
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$1
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$2
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$3
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$4
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$5
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$6
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$7
 com.fgtit.app.UpdateApp$8
com/fgtit/finger/EnrollActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$10
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$11
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$12
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$13
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$14
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$15
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$16
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$17
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$18
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$19
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$2
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$2$1
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$20
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$21
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$3
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$4
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$5
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$6
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$7
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$8
 com.fgtit.finger.EnrollActivity$9
com/fgtit/net/SocketServer.java
 com.fgtit.net.SocketServer
android/scanner/common/BitmapUtils.java
 android.scanner.common.BitmapUtils
com/fgtit/data/ImageSimpleAdapter.java
 com.fgtit.data.ImageSimpleAdapter
com/fgtit/finger/AboutActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.AboutActivity
com/fgtit/data/GlobalData.java
 com.fgtit.data.GlobalData
com/fgtit/finger/MenuActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.MenuActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.MenuActivity$1
com/fgtit/net/HttpConnSoap2.java
 com.fgtit.net.HttpConnSoap2
android/scanner/Intents.java
 android.scanner.Intents
 android.scanner.Intents$Encode
 android.scanner.Intents$History
 android.scanner.Intents$Scan
 android.scanner.Intents$SearchBookContents
 android.scanner.Intents$Share
 android.scanner.Intents$WifiConnect
com/fgtit/device/DataUtils.java
 com.fgtit.device.DataUtils
com/fgtit/data/UserItem.java
 com.fgtit.data.UserItem
com/fgtit/finger/MainActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$10
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$11
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$12
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$2
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$3
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$4
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$5
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$6
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$7
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$8
 com.fgtit.finger.MainActivity$9
com/fgtit/device/Constants.java
 com.fgtit.device.Constants
android/scanner/view/ViewfinderView.java
 android.scanner.view.ViewfinderView
com/fgtit/network/StatesResponse.java
 com.fgtit.network.StatesResponse
android/scanner/view/ViewfinderResultPointCallback.java
 android.scanner.view.ViewfinderResultPointCallback
android/scanner/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 android.scanner.camera.PreviewCallback
com/fgtit/data/JsonParase.java
 com.fgtit.data.JsonParase
com/fgtit/finger/SettingsActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.SettingsActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.SettingsActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.SettingsActivity$1$1
 com.fgtit.finger.SettingsActivity$2
 com.fgtit.finger.SettingsActivity$3
com/fgtit/device/UsbModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.UsbModule
com/fgtit/data/XmlParase.java
 com.fgtit.data.XmlParase
com/fgtit/service/PostMaster.java
 com.fgtit.service.PostMaster
com/fgtit/printer/PrinterApi.java
 com.fgtit.printer.PrinterApi
android/scanner/camera/OpenCameraInterface.java
 android.scanner.camera.OpenCameraInterface
com/fgtit/network/DeptsResponse.java
 com.fgtit.network.DeptsResponse
com/fgtit/data/RecordFile.java
 com.fgtit.data.RecordFile
com/fgtit/data/HttpConnSoap.java
 com.fgtit.data.HttpConnSoap
android/scanner/BeepManager.java
 android.scanner.BeepManager
com/fgtit/utils/MD5Util.java
 com.fgtit.utils.MD5Util
android/scanner/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 android.scanner.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
 android.scanner.camera.CameraConfigurationManager$1
com/fgtit/utils/FileFilterEx.java
 com.fgtit.utils.FileFilterEx
com/fgtit/finger/CameraActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.CameraActivity
com/fgtit/service/UsbBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.fgtit.service.UsbBroadcastReceiver
com/fgtit/app/AppDetail.java
 com.fgtit.app.AppDetail
android/scanner/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 android.scanner.camera.AutoFocusManager
 android.scanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
 android.scanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusTask
com/fgtit/network/Response.java
 com.fgtit.network.Response
com/fgtit/finger/DeviceListActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.DeviceListActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.DeviceListActivity$1
 com.fgtit.finger.DeviceListActivity$2
 com.fgtit.finger.DeviceListActivity$3
com/fgtit/net/SocketClient.java
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$1
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$2
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$1
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$2
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$3
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$4
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$5
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$6
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$7
 com.fgtit.net.SocketClient$ClientThread$8
android/scanner/IntentSource.java
 android.scanner.IntentSource
android/scanner/config/Config.java
 android.scanner.config.Config
android/fpi/MtGpio.java
 android.fpi.MtGpio
android/scanner/InactivityTimer.java
 android.scanner.InactivityTimer
 android.scanner.InactivityTimer$1
 android.scanner.InactivityTimer$InactivityAsyncTask
 android.scanner.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver
com/fgtit/service/ThreadReadWriterIOSocket.java
 com.fgtit.service.ThreadReadWriterIOSocket
com/fgtit/network/APIInterface.java
 com.fgtit.network.APIInterface
com/fgtit/network/ImageRequest.java
 com.fgtit.network.ImageRequest
android/scanner/common/Runnable.java
 android.scanner.common.Runnable
com/fgtit/utils/AppPrefs.java
 com.fgtit.utils.AppPrefs
 com.fgtit.utils.AppPrefs$1
 com.fgtit.utils.AppPrefs$2
 com.fgtit.utils.AppPrefs$3
com/fgtit/device/SerialModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$1
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnDeleteCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnDownCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnEmptyListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnEnrollListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGenCharExListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGenCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGetImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGetImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnIdentifyListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnLoadCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnMatchListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnRegModelListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnSearchListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnStoreCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnUpCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnUpImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnUpImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$ReadThread
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$WorkerHandler
com/fgtit/data/WorkItem.java
 com.fgtit.data.WorkItem
com/fgtit/data/RecordItem.java
 com.fgtit.data.RecordItem
com/fgtit/fpcore/FPMatch.java
 com.fgtit.fpcore.FPMatch
com/fgtit/finger/LoginActivity.java
 com.fgtit.finger.LoginActivity
 com.fgtit.finger.LoginActivity$1
com/fgtit/data/WebService.java
 com.fgtit.data.WebService
